What you talk about the beauty of the youtube today
br in bringing together for you around like
You already saw the title as a double invitation.
friends after the draw 1 1 with 12 of gta 5
online beauty
come on then it's there my friend that
norberto here on the channel inscription
the beauty runs the following training
for you will have to cut and a
four outside the garage and he
I was already hoping to offer for
videogames to arrive then it was so
that I leave, I'm going to have to
button and go to the beginning
Beauty you will see how consabido
she is so the following so he
For there I'm going to leave the garage.
You will see the whole procedure.
I will speed up here and I will shake the
xbox button here beauty I 'm going to stay
prepared to define if we go there we go
waiting there waiting I left here
close the beauty
We 're going to go and demand an invitation to
people to come back to the selection
good guys was the glitch that's you
leave your review and comment with
sharing subscribes to the channel I go
try to bring another easier
to get a video of a gringo I had
who try to understand what he was talking about
I had to try to translate myself and it's worth it.
pen and you try will work has
sure that it was right and follow in all
the steps
then only what will I order for you?
send an invitation to you to return to
section you will return and as soon as you
left the session because the car exploded
already asks him to the garage to save the
vehicle and that's all there is nothing left
milk is what happens to you
make a buck you make
duplication with vehicles that are worth
less than 50 000 and will make this sale
explains the sale of the public comes and so goes
This is an initial glitch because today
is the first day still use 1.12
that is the beginning from the beginning of the
limits we understand
I'm searching in forums for
to see if I can bring one that
will be able to bring in more money as it was
no pet 1.10 beauty
Good people, this way do not forget
evaluate whether it debuted on the comment channel
and share
if it worked out right and leave your June
if it did not work out and leave negative
ask me what I'm going to try
to help
if you want to add it to me
appeared in a video add me no
I'm sure I can do it, can I?
accepting because the limit of 100 friends
I think it already reaches beauty
Good people, this is it, you need a
help anything, just send it
messages or is commented on in the video
Full beauty is that it was worth until
next